			README

	CoEIA Privacy Control Version 1.1

INTRODUCTION

CPC provides easy and efficient methods of finding and erasing unwanted and unnecessary items on your computer. With CPC you can erase items that are created automatically and are temporarily cached on your system. This frees up space on your hard drive and improves computer performance. 

CPC cleans your hard drive of unwanted files. It features full support to erase files related to Internet Explorer, Firefox, VLC, Skype, DivX, BitTorrent and about 200 others software.

Installation and Configuration
1. Check the requirement
	- Operating Systems Supported and already tested: 
	- Windows® 7 Operating System 32-bit/64-bit 
	- Windows® 7 Windows® XP Operating System 32-bit 
 
2. Minimum System configuration 
	The following are the minimum levels required. For improved responsiveness we 
	recommend higher system specifications than those presented here: 
	1. 10 MB free hard disk space required for initial installation 
	2. Internet connection 
	3. Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and above 
	4. Operating privileges: logged on as administrator 3. Install the software 
	- Double-click on the CPC.exe file to launch the installer. And accept all 	setting be click next-next until installing complete CPC.

Getting Started With CPC

CPC is a history erase and file removal program; a powerful tool that puts you in control of erasing unwanted files from your system without leaving any trace or means of recovery. There are two ways to permanently remove files: 

1. Scan and Remove 
	You can scan and remove numerous unwanted files at one time including history 	files, application temp items, cached items, logs from commonly used 	programs, and more. 
	There are different erase options to choose from including Shred levels. 
2. Advanced Shred 
	With the Shred tool you can select files you want to permanently erase. 

For more information about this project, please visit: http://coeia.ksu.edu.sa/cpc
The source code for this application is available at https://github.com/coeia/cpc

Copyright (c) 2014 Center of Excellence in Information Assurance. All rights reserved.



